Add note to Instance Types setting default Stack (#4917)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/admin/introduction.md

the individual [Team Types](#managing-team-types) before they will be available
for teams to use.

> Instance Types also control which will be the default Stack if there are multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instance Types also control the default Stack (and in turn, the default Node-RED versions) that Instances will run with if there are multiple available.
```

Just trying to hit the terms that users are searching in our docs, "Stacks", "Instance Types" do not resonate to the new users, and they're getting a little lost. Making sure we say "Default Node-RED version" should catch it

Thanks for the PR

> Instance Types also control the default Stack (and in turn, the default Node-RED versions) that Instances will run with if there are multiple available.
> Stacks associated with an Instance Type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instance Types also control the default Stack (and in turn, the default Node-RED versions) that Instances will run with if there are multiple available Stacks associated with an Instance Type.
```
